[Fundamentals] Added Transfer-Encoding and Content-Length headers to deprecation list (#7484)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/fundamentals/api/reference/deprecations.md

Replacement:
Accounts API

## Transfer-Encoding and Content-Length headers 
**End of life date: March 31, 2023**

> Previously, `RFC2616` allowed the use of Transfer-Encoding and Content-Length in request headers at the same time. RFC7230 supersedes `RFC2616` and prohibits the use of Transfer-Encoding and Content-Length in request headers at the same time because they can cause HTTP request smuggling vulnerabilities.
> 
> Starting on March 31 2021, Cloudflare will decline requests with both Transfer-Encoding and Content-Length in request headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, RFC2616 allowed the use of `Transfer-Encoding` and `Content-Length` HTTP headers in the same request. RFC7230 supersedes RFC2616 and prohibits the use of `Transfer-Encoding` and `Content-Length` headers in the same request because they can cause HTTP request smuggling vulnerabilities.

Starting on March 31, 2023, Cloudflare will decline requests with both `Transfer-Encoding` and `Content-Length` HTTP headers.
```
We usually don't format RFCs as monospaced text, but I think we should do it for HTTP header names (our style guide only mentions "HTTP content-type values", though).
